you
and the doc thank you what is eternal
the orbit the act or the reason the
spots filled my head as I come too late
reason dreams I have had and dreams I
have pondered when Layton
two things I
and then quickly regretted while t19
vices my life had selected and I think
what I've done
have yet to begin and the man
that I've been now caught in Olaf's
dancer I've caught it
but that is
sir I say
suddenly just decide that a thought
would survive will it be my life's worth
ended there with fiber
if I could see someone who's been there
before me and trade is
for a moment of glory his pen so mercy
my spirits debated while juts on a steel
that's been heavily weighted and what
have I done
it is
and I've been now call
father I pray for his everything I for
God
and who would have thought that my fated
would conjure this twisting road on
which I have wandered its vision and
dreams are completely dismembered to
give what whole life and find a things
remember
a life that leaves nothing behind
that fine echo in time
sad minutes and every
my life has played
it's late
the things I have done the place is up
across the 5/3
by
I've got it
got it
god
you